So while some pundits
continues suggests that
CRE tech and
real estate technology
generally has not yet
been fully disruptive and
has a long way to go,
I think we can clearly see that
new models platforms and
a democratization is afoot.
The economic implications of
all of this are vast again
because the real estate
industry globally is so large.
Innovation financed by
venture capitalists
are a key part of it,
startup in innovation and
entrepreneurial activities
are and have been critical.
However, there are
large entrance including
CBRE that are coming
into the space.
We talked also for example,
About Cushman Wakefield.
Some of the basic
technological innovation
that we might see in
other parts of life IoT,
Smart houses, Smart properties,
are going to increase
the advent and
the availability of data,
and that's going to lead to
ongoing technological disruption.
It's going to become, we think
of a fairly large sector
again because of
the scale at stake.
Just a few years ago,
let's call it less than ten,
it was a tiny sector.
However, today it's grown
dramatically to the tune of
billions of dollars of
annual funding and expansion
of volumes of business done.
Like the rest of
the fintech industry,
the primary financial
goals in CRE and
other kinds of real estate
tech include efficiencies,
profitability,
increasing margins from
greater aggregation applications
of low cost technologies,
operational efficiencies,
as well as through
disintermediation of otherwise
old-school technologies
and the human element
of real estate.
Growth has been rapid.
It's hard to estimate
what the future will
portend especially
given economic cycles.
However, I will say this,
we expect real estate
tech to stay.